---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

<h2>What did you do this past week?</h2>
My partner and I finished up the Netflix project and turned in it on time. The one hour it took to wrap everything up and 
getting the project ready for submission was much more stressful than working on the actual thing. The significant penalty
for a bad submission makes me extra paranoid even when I'm sure that everything is in order. The issue with Travis only
being able to build one project at a time was also quite annoying. The only way around it was to fork the project into our
own private repository and build it from there - where there was no queue. When it passes then we can merge it with the 
actual class repository. In short, a lot more work to accomplish the same thing.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
I have an exam tomorrow for Networks and then another one on Wednesday for Algo. Proofs have always been a weakpoint of mine
so I'm a little bit nervous for Algo. I also have to finish up some more applications and prepare for some more interviews.
Another busy and hopefully productive week ahead!
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
I have some work to finish up for Marketing, which I have not touched for almost two weeks. I'm also going to do a lot of
studying followed by a lot of chillin'.
<h2>Tip of the Week</h2>
I like to work in an environment that is visually appealing. It definitely helps make the work feel less dull. Here is a quick
answer I found on [Quora](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-cool-ways-programmers-customize-their-laptops/answer/Gilles-Castel-1) that showcases some of the cool things you can do to make your Linux experience more exciting. 
