---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

<h2>What did you do this past week?</h2>
I learned that I did not set up Docker and the Collatz project correctly the week before.
Professor Downing went over in great details the steps required to get the project set up
the way he wants it in class. This took some time, which I thought was appropriate since a
whole lot has to be done before coding the project can begin. I spent a lot of time
learning how to properly use Docker and Travis CI, again. The Collatz project itself isn't
particularly difficult. The time consuming portion was dedicated towards familiarizing
ourselves with all of the tools involved.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
I want to get truly comfortable with the different applications/tools that are used for the
class. Accomplishing this would mean I can hit the ground running with the next project instead
of scratching my head over what continuous integration means. However, doing so would require
reading pages after pages of documentations on make, gcov, valgrind, Travis, etc... This in and
of itself isn't a significant challenge, but it can become one with limited time.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week is dedicated to Computer Networks, which I've been neglecting, and getting ready
for recruiting season.
<h2>Tip of the Week</h2>
Exercise! A Travis CI build typically takes about 1 minute and 30 seconds for me. You can get a 
lot of push ups in within that time frame, so hit the ground next time you wait for your build 
to finish.
