---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

<h2>What did you do this past week?</h2>

I finished up the Allocator project with my partner. Writing the unit tests and making sure that the project is in a good
enough state before turn in took a lot less time than I had anticipated. The only hiccup this time was that there were two
public test repos - one in cs371pc-fall-2016 and the other in cs371p-fall-2016. The classroom test repo had merged tests in
it, but wasn't listed in the project's specs. The other test repo had a lot of pull requests but no merges - the earliest
pull request was submitted 10 days prior. I created pull
requests for both repos just in case.

We also went over the vector class and it was quite interesting to see it implemented and optimized in different ways. Even
after our third project in C++, I feel like the language is still very foreign to me. The actual code written in class 
almost resembles psuedo code and I constantly have to remind myself that it will, in fact, compile and run.

<h2>What's in your way?</h2>

I have a Computer Networks exam on Monday. I also want to get started on the next project as quickly as possible so that I
will have time to study for the Algorithm exam next Wednesday.

<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>

I'm going to crack open the Algorithm book once again and really try to familiarize myself with the different problems and
proofs. It's going to be a pretty busy week with a lot of studying, problem solving, and coding. My quiz grade for this 
class is absolutely abysmal. As I've ran out of tips to give and running low on things to say, I think the only reason I'm 
still writing these weekly blogs is to hopefully offset the low scores I've been getting.

<h2>Tip of the Week</h2>

Github has a comprehensive list of free books that range from learning how to use Vim to writing machine learning libraries.
It's a great resource for anyone with too much free time and want to keep themselves busy. There are other lists similar
to the one I've found, but this one contains so much material that you'll likely won't go through it anytime soon. 
[Bada Bing Bada Boom](https://github.com/vhf/free-programming-books/blob/master/free-programming-books.md)
