---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

<h2>What did you do this past week?</h2>
I spent a lot of time catching up on the reading materials for all of my classes and got started on the Netflix project. The 
project itself seemed pretty straightfoward. The thing I'm struggling with most right now is learning how to use the Boost
library to deserialize the caches. Most of the resources I've found online are a bit difficult to grasp because you can write
some really obscure/confusing code with c++. When we figure this out, the rest of the project should go pretty smoothly. We 
also had a guess speaker from Bloomberg come talk about working at Bloomberg, which was interesting. It cleared up a lot
of misconceptions I previously had about the company. Remember, Bloomberg is a software company. 
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
I want to get all of my homework and projects out of the way so I can focus on the career fair and interviews. As always, the 
Algo homework is going to be the toughest hurdle.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
I'm going to do a lot of preparations for interviews and that will be my focus until the end of the week. I've already bombed
one coding challenge, so that definitely gave me a lot of motivation to study more. 
<h2>Tip of the Week</h2>
Push ups are some of the best exercises that you could do. However, a lot of times people could be doing them
incorrectly without realizing it. Here's a quick video that shows the correct way to do a push up so you don't end up
hurting yourself: [Proper Push Ups](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dF1DOWzf20).
