---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

<h2>What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week, like the one before it, was spent going over the intricacies of C++. The language has so much going on behind the
scenes that it could feel a little overwhelming at times to keep track of it all. Dr. Downing introduced us to the range_iterator
class and had us try to implement it. The solution I came up with didn't even come close to the actual answer. We also had a couple 
of pretty difficult quizzes that I did not do well on. I wish we could go back to the previous questions because I often see the
answer I was looking for just as I hit "Submit". If the exam is at all like the quizzes, then I am in for quite a treat.
<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
I've been sick for the past few days, so I haven't been able to do anything productive. I'm going to start looking over the notes
to prepare for the exam on Thursday and, if I have time, write some code to reinforce my understanding of references and C++ nuance.
<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
I'm going to do a lot of interview prep and get my application together for a few more companies. I'm not exactly sure how to study
for our exam on Thursday other than going over the in-class notes and writing sample code. I am also going to try and crack open a
book on C++ to learn more about the language. It seems like the examples given in class are all about how small details often go
unnoticed rather than about leveraging Object Oriented concepts in C++. It could just be that I'm used to learning programming 
languages in a different way.
<h2>Tip of the Week</h2>
Go get your flu shots. pls. There's no faster way to lose your gains than being bedridden. Here is the complete schedule for shots
clinic hosted by UT for the month of October. [Flu shots on campus](https://www.healthyhorns.utexas.edu/fluoncampus.html#B)
