---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

<h2>What did you do this past week?</h2>

I received an internship offer last week and have been celebrating ever since. Consequently, I have not done much of
anything else. Class on Wednesday was dedicated to a talk given by former students that are now working at Pariveda. Class
on Friday was cancelled because of UTCS's 50th Anniversary. There were a lot of interesting talks given by the faculty and
not having class really opened up a lot of time for students to attend them. I have no idea what we talked about on Monday.

<h2>What's in your way?</h2>

We have an Algorithm exam on Wednesday and I need to do well because I bombed the last one. It sucks that the exam is
exactly one day after the drop deadline. 

My partner and I made significant progress this weekend on the Darwin project. However, it still feels as though we've
just barely scratched the surface. One of the challenges that we've face so far is how to properly use C++. There were
multiple occasions where my partner and I were stuck on trivial syntax errors without realizing it. Despite being a little 
difficult to start, I'm really enjoying working on this project. I should start making UML diagrams before starting projects 
more often because it had been incredibly helpful with visualizing the components of a program and their relationship to one
another.

<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>

I am going to study hardcore for the Algorithm exam and work on Darwin whenever I have time. The priority is to be
comfortable with the materials we've been learning in class.

<h2>Tip of the Week</h2>

In case you don't already know, MyEdu.com was acquired and shut down by BlackBoard after its contract with UT Systems
expired at the end of September. BlackBoard then incorporated many of MyEdu's coursework planning features into one of its 
upcoming products. This left many many students without a valuable tool to manage their courses. Luckily, [ClassPoint]
(www.theclasspoint.com) is a viable alternative. Although it doesn't look as pretty as MyEdu, it is still incredibly useful
for planning your classes.
